Doc for 1.11.2 (#1058)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/lotus/sector-pledging.md

```

The sector should become inactive within 24 hours after a new replacement sector has sealed. From that point, the pledged storage can be re-used for new sectors.

## Inspect expiring sectors

> First you can check the sectors that are about to expire. Sectors that will expire within 60 days can be checked by default with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check which sectors are about to expire. Sectors that will expire within 60 days can be checked by default with the following command:
```

```shell
lotus-miner sectors check-expire
```

> If you want to check for sectors that will expire within 33 days (669600 epoch in devnet) , add the `--cutoff` option, timing in epoch, here is an example in devnet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to check for sectors that will expire within 33 days (669600 epoch in devnet) , add the `--cutoff` option along with your desired epoch:
```

> ```shell with-output
> lotus-miner sectors check-expire --cutoff 669600
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
lotus-miner sectors check-expire --cutoff 669600
```
````

> ```
> ID  SealProof  InitialPledge  Activation                      Expiration                  MaxExpiration                 MaxExtendNow                  
> 5   5          59.605 nFIL    1519 (1 day 9 hours ago)        691857 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5257519 (in 34 weeks 3 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
> 10  5          59.605 nFIL    3588 (1 day 7 hours ago)        697617 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5259588 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
> 11  5          59.605 nFIL    4695 (1 day 6 hours ago)        697617 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5260695 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
> 15  5          59.605 nFIL    6891 (1 day 4 hours ago)        700497 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5262891 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
> 17  5          59.605 nFIL    7004 (1 day 3 hours ago)        700497 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5263004 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell output
ID  SealProof  InitialPledge  Activation                      Expiration                  MaxExpiration                 MaxExtendNow                  
5   5          59.605 nFIL    1519 (1 day 9 hours ago)        691857 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5257519 (in 34 weeks 3 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
10  5          59.605 nFIL    3588 (1 day 7 hours ago)        697617 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5259588 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
11  5          59.605 nFIL    4695 (1 day 6 hours ago)        697617 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5260695 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
15  5          59.605 nFIL    6891 (1 day 4 hours ago)        700497 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5262891 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)  
17  5          59.605 nFIL    7004 (1 day 3 hours ago)        700497 (in 4 weeks 2 days)  5263004 (in 34 weeks 4 days)  1587303 (in 10 weeks 2 days)
```
````

## Extend sectors

You can extend the lifecycle of a sector with the command:

> ```shell  practical and flexible tool:
> 
> ```shell
> lotus-miner sectors renew [command options] [arguments...]
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
lotus-miner sectors renew [command options] [arguments...]
```
````

This is an example of selecting sectors with a lifecycle between `epochnumber-a` epoch and `epochnumber-b` epoch and updating it to 1555200 epoch:

```shell
lotus-miner sectors renew  --from <epochnumber-a> --to <epochnumber-b> --new-expiration 1555200
```

This is an example of updating the lifecycle of a sector read from a file to 1555200 epoch:

```shell
lotus-miner sectors renew  --sector-file <your-sectorfile> --new-expiration 1555200
```

> ::: warning
> You have to select the sectors to renew. That means you have to specify the `--from` and `--to` option, or specify the sector file, if no sector is selected this command will have no effect.
> Format of sectorfile:  
>  1  
>  2  
>  ...  
> :::

Reviewer: ````suggestion
::: warning
You have to select the sectors to renew. That means you have to specify the `--from` and `--to` option, or specify the sector file, if no sector is selected this command will have no effect.

Format of sector file:

```  
1  
2  
...
```  
:::
````

```

The sector should become inactive within 24 hours after a new replacement sector has sealed. From that point, the pledged storage can be re-used for new sectors.

## Inspect expiring sectors

You can check which sectors are about to expire. Sectors that will expire within 60 days can be checked by default with the following command:

> ```shell

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell with-output
````

> ```shell

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell with-output
````
